README.md, before:

# Mission Ready HQ - Mission 1

## Task 1: Identify Stakeholders

1.	Turners Car Auctions
2.	Project manager
3.	Project team
4.	Turners Car customers


## Task 2: Understand Context of a Project

1.	What are the primary objectives and goals of the project.
2.	What are the main timelines, dates and milestones.
3.	What technologies and tools can the team use to complete the project.
4.	Who are the key influencers or/and stakeholders.
5.	What areas should the team focus on the most for this project. 

## Task 3: Familiarise with tool for Task Management

![screenshot](./Jira-board.png)

## Task 4: Prototype to Showcase AI Solution

For the prototype I trained a model in Azure Custom Vision to identify the type of car.

I added 4 categories of vehicles in the Custom Vision.
- Sedan
- Hatchback
- SUV
- Pickup-truck

Here the Custom Vision AI is accessed via the API in a React Vite project. 

This repository contains prototype. 

```
npm install
npm run dev
```
run the above commands after cloning the repository. 

## Task 5,6 Present at Show and Tell, Submit the project.

Presentation on the 20th June 2024 and Uploaded on the same day.

Commit message:

Updarted README.md with completed Jira-board image.

README.md, after:

# Mission Ready HQ - Mission 1

## Task 1: Identify Stakeholders

1.	Turners Car Auctions
2.	Project manager
3.	Project team
4.	Turners Car customers


## Task 2: Understand Context of a Project

1.	What are the primary objectives and goals of the project.
2.	What are the main timelines, dates and milestones.
3.	What technologies and tools can the team use to complete the project.
4.	Who are the key influencers or/and stakeholders.
5.	What areas should the team focus on the most for this project. 

## Task 3: Familiarise with tool for Task Management

Jira board at the beginning. 

![screenshot](./Jira-board.png)

Jira board at the end.

![screenshot](./Jira-board-completed.png)
## Task 4: Prototype to Showcase AI Solution

For the prototype I trained a model in Azure Custom Vision to identify the type of car.

I added 4 categories of vehicles in the Custom Vision.
- Sedan
- Hatchback
- SUV
- Pickup-truck

Here the Custom Vision AI is accessed via the API in a React Vite project. 

This repository contains prototype. 

```
npm install
npm run dev
```
run the above commands after cloning the repository. 

## Task 5,6 Present at Show and Tell, Submit the project.

Presentation on the 20th June 2024 and Uploaded on the same day.
